updated waterfall explanation with worked example (#64)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_project_information: user_guide/glossary.qmd

## Impact of changes

> The Impact of Changes tab on the outputs app shows the "step counts" from the model results, which are high-level estimates of the number of rows that are added/removed due to each parameter. These should be regarded as very rough estimates. This is sometimes referred to as the "waterfall diagram" in the outputs app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Impact of Changes tab on the outputs app shows the "step counts" from the model results, which are high-level estimates of the number of rows that are added/removed due to each parameter. This is sometimes referred to as the "waterfall diagram" in the outputs app. It's important to note that these numbers are not exact because of the effect of randomness and compounding, as detailed following.
```
